feat: Add blog post with Zephyr 3.0 prep. (#1162)
zmkfirmware/zmk: docs/blog/2022-03-10-zephyr-3-0-upgrade-prep.md

---
title: "Zephyr 3.0 Update Preparation"
author: Pete Johanson
author_title: Project Creator
author_url: https://gitlab.com/petejohanson
author_image_url: https://www.gravatar.com/avatar/2001ceff7e9dc753cf96fcb2e6f41110
tags: [firmware, zephyr, core]
---

> As preperation for completing the [work](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk/pull/1143) to upgrade ZMK to [Zephyr 3.0](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.0.0/releases/release-notes-3.0.html), users with user config repositories who wish to avoid future build failures with their GitHub Actions workflows can take steps to adjust

Author: Thanks. Fixed.

their repositories now.

GitHub Actions needs to use our latest Docker image to ensure continued compatibility with the ZMK codebase on Zephyr 3.0 (and beyond). You should:

- Open `.github/workflows/build.yml` in your editor/IDE

> - Change `zmkfirmware/zmk-build-arm:2.5` to `zmkfirmware/zmk-build-arm:latest` wherever it is found

Reviewer: Is `latest` intentional? (The tag [does not currently exist](https://hub.docker.com/r/zmkfirmware/zmk-build-arm/tags?page=1&name=latest)). 

Should we instead be advising users to switch to [`stable`](https://hub.docker.com/r/zmkfirmware/zmk-build-arm/tags?page=1&name=stable)?

Author: See, this is why review is so important. Brainfarts. Plain and simple.

Author: Fixed.

---
title: "Zephyr 3.0 Update Preparation"
author: Pete Johanson
author_title: Project Creator
author_url: https://gitlab.com/petejohanson
author_image_url: https://www.gravatar.com/avatar/2001ceff7e9dc753cf96fcb2e6f41110
tags: [firmware, zephyr, core]
---

As preperation for completing the [work](https://github.com/zmkfirmware/zmk/pull/1143) to upgrade ZMK to [Zephyr 3.0](https://docs.zephyrproject.org/3.0.0/releases/release-notes-3.0.html), users with user config repositories who wish to avoid future build failures with their GitHub Actions workflows can take steps to adjust

> their repositories now

Author: Thanks!

> Existing user config repositories using Github Actions to build will pull down Zephyr 3.0 automatically,
> when the migration of ZMK is completed. However, to be sure the right Docker image is used, you should:
> 
> - Open `.github/workflows/build.yml` in your editor/IDE
> - Change `zmkfirmware/zmk-build-arm:2.5` to `zmkfirmware/zmk-build-arm:latest` wherever it is found

Reviewer: > Existing user config repositories using Github Actions to build will pull down Zephyr 3.0 automatically, when the migration of ZMK is completed.

I think this could be misinterpreted as “existing user config repos will be upgraded automatically" (and therefore no action is required) by someone who is unfamiliar with how things work behind the scenes.

Perhaps it could be reworded to something along the lines of:

```suggestion
GitHub Actions needs to use our latest Docker image to ensure continued compatibility with the ZMK codebase on Zephyr 3.0 (and beyond). You should:

- Open `.github/workflows/build.yml` in your editor/IDE
- Change `zmkfirmware/zmk-build-arm:2.5` to `zmkfirmware/zmk-build-arm:latest` wherever it is found
```

Author: Done!
